feat(blog): add remove touch integration support (#208)
bpmn-io/bpmn.io: src/blog/2024/005-bpmn-js-17-0-0.md

---

title: Removing (broken) Touch Interaction Support
layout: blogpost.hbs

slug: 2024-bpmn-js-17-removing-touch-interaction-support
author: Nico Rehwaldt <https://github.com/nikku>
description: "With the bpmn-js v17.0.0 release we remove the unmaintained and broken touch interaction support. We look forward to extensions to restore it in the future."
url: blog/posts/2024-bpmn-js-17-removing-touch-interaction-support.html
published: 2024-05-23 7:37
published_time: "2024-05-23T07:37:11+01:00"
modified_time: "2024-05-23T07:37:11+01:00"

releases:
  - 'bpmn-js@17.0.0'
  - 'diagram-js@14.0.0'

---

<p class="introduction">

>   Touch interaction support in our libraries has always been limited, and implemented in a way that we came to regard as technical dept. The latest library releases removes support for it without (immediate) replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Touch interaction support in our libraries has always been limited, and implemented in a way that we came to regard as technical debt. The latest library releases remove support for it without (immediate) replacement.
```
